{"Average_Speed":21.1,"Bike":"Sabbath September AR-1","Distance":204.4,"Elapsed_Time":"1899-12-30T11:16:30.000Z","Elapsed_Time_Seconds":40590,"Elevation":2015,"Event_Type":"DIY (Mandatory)","Moving_Time":"1899-12-30T09:43:26.000Z","Moving_Time_Seconds":35006,"Points_Distance":200,"Ride_Date":"2024-03-20T00:00:00.000Z","Ride_Name":"DIY to Grittleton BtoB Route Check","Ride_Notes":"After finding that the route for my longer ride won't 'work' I decided to take another route to Grittleton (nr LD/Chippenham services on M4) via Bradford-on-Avon and Corsham.\n\nIt rained overnight but when I set out it had passed over and, although it was somewhat overcast with wet roads, it was a lovely morning. The usual run to Cheddar Gorge went well, as did the climb. Mecifully, I was able to to navigate through the road closure on the Priddy to A39 road.\n\nI really like the route from the A39 through Stoke St Michael to Mells, and by now was making really good progress. Beyond Mells I was in uncharted territory on the way to Bradford apart from a small section at Rode. The roads were really mucky and when I got there not much seemed to be open, apart from The Lock Inn where I had a much needed coffee and breakfast Ciabatta. Oops... the WhiteHill climb was straight up as soon as I left the town and cafe legs plus the brekkie did not help my form! Next time I'll stop after Bradford.\n\nRolling to Grittleton via Corsham went well and I then turned for home. By the time I was nearly back at Bradford I was starting to flag - there was a nice farm coffee shop (Merkins Farm) at 126km, so I stopped there. Much hilarity ensued when I shared this on WhatsApp!!!???\n\nThe main road route back to Wells was, frankly, horrible. A nagging SW wind and my aching legs didn't help, but I was wishing I'd taken a more scenic route. I had to pull over for a break and a bar and I decided to stop again at Costa in Wells, figuring I should go #FullValue with a third stop. After the coffee and Tiffin I felt much better, and rolled back via Snake Lane, Mudgely and the Poldens with another lovely sunset as I arrived home. ","Ride_Number":5,"Series":"5 Audax Season 2023-24","Strava_id":11002477513,"id":54}